1.  Tell me about your proudest professional achievement.  It can also be a personal or school project.

My proudest professional achievement has to be when I graduated from Anderson University with a bachelor's degree in computer science.  I know this isn’t a specific project, however, I would not be where I am today without this achievement and is possibly the most important thing I’ve ever done.
The reason this is my proudest professional achievement is because of where I was in my life when I decided to go back to school.  I was working for the Sheriff’s Department and I was stuck in a position where I was not going to move up within the department, was making very little money, and was dealing with a lot of stress caused by the work I was doing.  I knew that I could not continue to perform that job for the rest of my life and live happily.  I had always wanted to work with software, so made the decision to go speak to someone at Anderson University, located thirty minutes from my home.
After speaking with the head of the computer science department, I felt that this was really something I could do, so I decided to start back to school full-time while continuing to work full-time at the Sheriff’s Department.  I had a lot of sleepless nights and even longer days, however, I continued to work hard to obtain my degree.  While in school, I was able to obtain a paid internship with Genesys that allowed me to leave my job at the Sheriff’s Department which allowed me to focus all of my time towards computer science.  
Not long before graduation, I was able to obtain a position with Northrop Grumman in Arizona as an Associate Software Engineer.  While working at Northrop Grumman, I was able to work my way to a Software Engineer and then a short time later, into a team lead position all within three years.
If I had not worked as hard as I could to obtain that degree while working full-time and dealing with other obstacles in life, I would not have the wonderful career opportunities that are available to me as there would have been if I had stayed with the Sheriff’s Department.

2.  Tell me about something you have read recently that you would recommend and why. (Can be a GitHub Repo, Article, Blog, Book, etc.).

A recent book I read, which I would highly recommend, is “Pass Your Amateur Radio Technician Class Test” by Craig E. Buck.  The reason I recommend this book is that it provides a lot of information involving electronics and radio.  One of the best things about this book is that it prepares you to pass the amateur radio test that will give you a technician license. 
Ham radio allows you to communicate with people all over the world and is a great communication device to depend on in the event of any sort of disaster.  I believe that a license to use ham radio is something that everyone should obtain so that they can reach help if any sort of disaster should arise.  In the event of a natural disaster, there are volunteers who operate ham radios to find who needs help and to get assistance where it is needed.  This can be an invaluable resource in a terrible disaster.  Not to mention, it is a really fun experience to speak with people from all over the world.
This book does a tremendous job of teaching someone who knows nothing of radios and electronics to get a radio, set it up, install an antenna, and begin hitting the radio waves.
This book also dives into electrical components such as capacitors, transistors, and resistors and how to replace them if they should malfunction.  It also speaks on how to measure voltage, watts, and ohms.  As a student of computer science, this is very intriguing and useful knowledge to have as computers deal with the same components.  Reading this book only expanded my knowledge on electrical components.
After reading and studying this book, I was able to sign up for an amateur radio technician class and was able to successfully obtain my technician license.  My new callsign is KJ7TVQ.
The only fault I found with this book is that after reading it and obtaining my license, I wanted to go spend a lot of money buying new radios and antennas.  

3.  How would you explain what Availity does to your grandmother?

I would tell my grandmother that Availity is a company that helps her, and others, to make their dealings with their doctors better.  I would tell her that Availity improves how all of her different healthcare providers exchange information about her insurance policy and benefits.  I would explain that by doing this, it will allow her to be approved for procedures and medication faster than she normally would, helping her get the help she needs faster.
Both of my grandmothers had numerous health problems and were always having to deal with healthcare providers and the problems with getting the proper information to their doctors and insurance companies.  If the healthcare system was more transparent when they were alive because of companies like Availity, I’m sure their care and providers would have been more efficient.
